starts the classificatory path of the
Mexican boxers for games
Olympic Games the first station will be the
world boxing series in aguascalientes
jobs are willing to work
and then they are preparing strong for
to have this 1 euro of the
results that seem rivals
that they will have to face for example in the
Aguascalientes contest is easy
they are all strong but
in the proper preparation to be able
beat any level that
faces how they have coordinated between
managers for a group you have to
go to Russian territory you wait
to travel to Aguascalientes should be
to be and global I 'm not in there
no problem pro favorite after
reach of the coaches is the
that gives the instructions and the
I work as if I'm still not there
No problem as following closure of
work for competitors that
they return just to the jousting
with them have been working I have
rested then they have had the
adequate work to be able to have a
type of work
to be fighting every 15 days in
mental as how do they work with the
the boxers knowing that it's a way
very long in the direction of 2016 we are going to
increase what you work with them is
that they can not leave before
any circumstance the dream they see
in recreation
this is you be for them not because very
happy to have gotten the silver in
an American center and we already had our
first fight in the world league was
a week ago 34 days ago Greek and already
they were preparing some words that
they are being on January 30 but very
very happy and excited and
committed to mexico to have some
results that it is a very long road
heading to rio de janeiro 2016 there is
look for the stylists of the world to
find the Olympians but and you have to
be classified as soon as possible because
we are not yet two years to a year now
but the more story I classify is
better grab march I see and you're more already
committed and preparing for the
Olympics is a majestic road
you come from silver and Central American and ok
this bronze in the American contest
jaycee then we come with good
results but I'm not going to settle
we are always looking more like this and
we want to qualify as came as
as soon as possible to be full
concentrated to what will be river of
janeiro because if he's really right, no
we have rested is from the games
We have had a good preparation since
that we join Olympic and already
started the world boxing league that is
a very important thing for us
agrees to give these deadlines for
Olympians and well the truth is I do not know very
well on the first day a great year
2014 for Mexican boxing when
I appeared so much a bronze medal in
veracruz 2014
good yes for my career a great achievement
to get a medal for mexico
we are looking for gold but
this was our first experience in
a few simple games and so important
we are happy with the result and the
that we had peeled with strong
fighters of santa canada lucía with
the native world champion and well let's
to continue working to improve
those brands that he officiated the 2014-2015
many things for the movistar team
mobile phones of the best technique so that
I 'm going to handle the guard for boxing
good all my colleagues but we're
here we have every reason to which
we are here my committee in case
characterized to look like a fighter
because he has a lot of heart, not the truth
is that he has had this great achievements and
you can always whenever you sent a
radio history of a competition of
any level category
national international always
the Aztec international championship and
Of course they are very motivated
let it be known who is coating that already
accept the level that I have the level that
They have my colleagues as much as all my
team and well as I tell you again
now in 2015 many things come for
as for my career and as for the
team of mexico